[Music]
one way to localize content in Cutting
Room is by using The Cutting Room
reporter iPhone app launch the reporter
app on your iPhone then connect the app
to your Cutting Room tenant account
before recording in the reporter app
Remember to title your video so that it
will be easy to find in your Cutting
Room any videos you record in the app
will automatically be imported to your
Cutting Room once you have taken a new
video in the app click on the play
button in the bottom left corner here
you will find all videos that you have
recorded in the app when the open button
and the cloud icon on a video is orange
your video is still being copied to your
Cutting Room the transfer to Cutting
Room is completed when the progress bar
has reached
100% when logging into Cutting Room
online the videos you have just recorded
in the reporter app will be visible by
recent content
[Music]